feature/update-freshness-config (#154)
fivetran/dbt_fivetran_log: README.md

- Produces staging models in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/logs/fivetran-platform#schemainformation) which clean, test, and prepare your Fivetran data from our free [Fivetran Platform connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/logs/fivetran-platform) and generates analysis ready end models.
- The above mentioned models enable you to better understand how you are spending money in Fivetran according to our [consumption-based pricing model](https://fivetran.com/docs/usage-based-pricing) as well as providing details about the performance and status of your Fivetran connections. This is achieved by:
    - Displaying consumption data at the table, connection, destination, and account levels.
    - Providing a history of measured free and paid monthly active rows (MAR), credit consumption, and the relationship between the two.
    - Creating a history of vital daily events for each connection.
    - Surfacing an audit log of records inserted, deleted, an updated in each table during connection syncs.
    - Keeping an audit log of user-triggered actions across your Fivetran instance.
    - Adds freshness tests to source data.

>       > dbt Core >= 1.9.5 is required to run freshness tests out of the box. See other options [here](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_tiktok_ads_source/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#breaking-change-for-dbt-core--190).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      > dbt Core >= 1.9.5 is required to run freshness tests out of the box. See other options [here](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_fivetran_log/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#breaking-change-for-dbt-core--195).
```
